[Video](https://youtu.be/bmiMbbHaAag)

Very few sources of pure magic exist in the world today. Most have died out or very few people participate in them to keep them alive, however one of the strongest is the magic of books. Books have an amazing ability to transport you and suck you into a story beyond your own. Dragons, knights, vampires, kingdoms, empires, planets, spaceships, wars, romance, mystery, everything is achievable with a little imagination and a good book. For me, I have been enjoying books since before I could even read, with my dad reading aloud to me The Hobbit before bed. This transition into Magic School House books and beyond. I wanted to bring to life some of the stories and books that have stuck with me throughout my life. These books are ones that I have read multiple times and each time it's like going back to an old friend. The Lord of the Rings is by far my favorite. I wanted to show the main catalyst for the story with Sauron disguised as Annatar deceiving the elves and forging the One Ring. Next we have Eragon, a book that holds so much magic and adventure with a new take on dragons. With limited animating ability I wasn't able to create a dragon fight and instead showed Eragon flying through the mountains on Saphira. Next we have Dune, a complicated book with lots of religious undertones. I wanted to animate one of the most iconic creatures in all of fiction: the Makers, or sandworms. Finally we have the Harry Dresden Files, a series about a wizard in modern day Chicago. With lots of different fights between different creatures I wanted to show one of the more common ones with Harry and Michael facing off the Knights of the Blackened Denarius. 